Updated Porch doc pages to add some details around function pod evaluation by function runner (#239)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/porch/function-runner-pod-templates.md

`porch-fn-runner` implements a simplistic function-as-a-service for executing kpt functions, running the needed kpt
functions wrapped in a GRPC server. The function is starting up a number of function evaluator pods for each of the kpt

> functions along with a frontend service pointing to its respective pod. As with any operator that manages pods, it's good

Reviewer: ```suggestion
functions, along with a front-end service, pointing to its respective pod. As with any operator that manages pods, it's good
```
